Peng Miaoyin, think carefully.
I don't believe in faces
Will kill one in the attack
Likewise, Mr. Tang
You give up on Master Xiao and choose a waste
You will regret it.
I hope you don't regret it.
Sun Longyuan divorced
It's the biggest mistake you've ever made in your life
Wang Miaoyin
I really would rather marry that old trash
Don't marry this young master
Xiao Lingqing, if you want to die
You continue
I'd love to let you taste my tricks
Okay, you're a piece of trash. Talk to me about means, right?
Ok, I'll fulfill you.
Don't Tang Miaoyin like you?
Do you want to marry you?
Then I will kill you.
I see who he will marry Xiao Liu, please dare
My Tang family is not easy to mess with either.
If you don't believe me, you can try it.
Ok ok ok ok
Are you going against me for him?
Then I will make you kneel in front of me and regret it.
Ok I see what you can do
I heard that at the Global Business Summit
Your Galactic Group wants to have a deal with the Universal Chamber of Commerce
Billion dollar project
What do you mean?
I don't know if this project falls into the hands of my Xiao family
What will happen to you?
I'll give you one more chance.
Either you marry me
Or marry that loser
Smile tomorrow.
With me here, you don't want to be taken away by the child.
Xiao, are you going to say it again?
The president of the World Chamber of Commerce is also holding your hand.
You don't even know
He just said that President Wan would also listen to him
Yes, I said that if he goes east, Wan Guohao will not dare to go there.